<h1 class="clause">Warranty</h1>

The invoker of the contract action shall uphold its Obligations under
this Contract in a timely and workmanlike manner, using knowledge and
recommendations for EOS.IO account holders.
  
<h1 class="clause">Dispute Resolution</h1>

Any controversies or disputes arising out of or relating to this
Contract will be resolved by binding arbitration under the default rules
set forth by the EOS.IO Blockchain. The arbitrator's award will be
final, and judgment may be entered upon it by any court having proper
jurisdiction.
  
<h1 class="clause">Entire Agreement</h1>

This Contract contains the entire agreement of the parties, and there
are no other promises or conditions in any other agreement whether oral
or written concerning the subject matter of this Contract. This Contract
supersedes any prior written or oral agreements between the parties.

<h1 class="clause">Severability</h1>

If any provision of this Contract will be held to be invalid or
unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will continue to
be valid and enforceable. If a court finds that any provision of this
Contract is invalid or unenforceable, but that by limiting such
provision it would become valid and enforceable, then such provision
will be deemed to be written, construed, and enforced as so limited.

<h1 class="clause">Amendment</h1>

This Contract may be modified or amended in writing by mutual agreement
between the parties, if the writing is signed by the party obligated
under the amendment.

<h1 class="clause">Governing Law</h1>

This Contract shall be construed in accordance with the Maxims of
Equity.

<h1 class="clause">Notice</h1>

Any notice or communication required or permitted under this Contract
shall be sufficiently given if published as part of the source code.

<h1 class="clause">Waiver of Contractual Right</h1>

The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Contract
shall not be construed as a waiver or limitation of that party's right
to subsequently enforce and compel strict compliance with every
provision of this Contract.

<h1 class="clause">Arbitrator's Fees to Prevailing Party</h1>

In any action arising hereunder or any separate action pertaining to the
validity of this Agreement, both sides shall pay half the initial cost
of arbitration, and the prevailing party shall be awarded reasonable
arbitrator's fees and costs.
  
<h1 class="clause">Construction and Interpretation</h1>

The rule requiring construction or interpretation against the drafter is
waived. The document shall be deemed as if it were drafted by both
parties in a mutual effort.
  
<h1 class="clause">In Witness Whereof</h1>

the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by
themselves or their duly authorized representatives as of the date of
execution, and authorized as proven by the cryptographic signature on
the transaction that invokes this contract.
